hey guys welcome back to dragons TV this
is dragon and today I'm doing a cooking
video and guess what I'm making today
hmm yep you got it
it's nan or nan one of my favorite
flatbread so what we would need is one
teaspoon of yeast 1 tablespoon sugar 1/2
a cup of warm water 3 tbsp soy milk 1
teaspoon salt and about 2 cups of bread
flour and 2 tablespoons of olive oil
okay let's make the dough so I know
lukewarm water we're gonna go ahead and
add the yeast
oops okay add the yeast and then we're
gonna go ahead and add the sugar just a
little bit to help activate the yeast
we're gonna mix it well and don't worry
about the lumps um it should be okay let
it sit for ten minutes
okay in the meantime we're gonna go
ahead and shift the bread flour
I had divided the bread flour into two
parts the first part is a cup and a half
which I'm shifting right now and the
second one is a half a cup I like to go
ahead and divide them so it's easy to
mix the wet with the dry ingredients so
go ahead and shift until all the lumps
are gone and then we're going to add the
rest of the ingredients here's the sugar
salt and up not that yet the soy milk
I'm gonna make a little hole and put the
soy milk in the middle and the olive oil
okay go ahead and clean the workstation
you know we like a nice workstation oh
don't forget you east add the yeast
mixture into the bowl and mix well
I like to use my hands I don't mind
getting dirty but if you don't like
getting your hands sticky you can use a
spatula or wooden spoon and go ahead and
add the rest of the bread flour and
we're going to mix it well
go ahead and dump the whole thing onto
your workspace to start kneading and
take out all of the good dough and start
kneading I like to just fold it and
press it down fold and press it down
there is no correct way you can do it
the way you want to but this is how I do
it you're going to go ahead and knead
this for about six to eight minutes or
until it's incorporated evenly if you're
using a logic mixer
probably about three to four minutes so
go ahead and keep doing this until it's
mixed
the
you is my dough beautiful isn't it
okay we're gonna go ahead and get a
clean bowl and spray oil or you can dab
it oil onto a napkin and just wipe the
bowl well go ahead and spray on top as
well we're gonna cover this for one hour
to rise or until it doubles and I'm
gonna get something to cover here okay
all righty
see you back in an hour
okay here's my doll about an hour later
I should have at least doubled in size
and we're gonna go ahead and sprinkle
some flour onto the working surface and
this is how I divide my dough's I like
to go ahead and pinch and pull we just
pinch and pull I'm making six Nant a
medium sized man if you wanted a bigger
size you'll probably want to make four
pieces because the smaller you get you
won't be able to stretch it too much
you're going to go ahead and cover again
and let it rise for about ten minutes
so after 10 minutes take one of the
small dough and you're gonna start
rolling out the dough now today I'm
using a class I didn't have a rolling
pin when I did this video so I'm just
using what I have don't judge okay so
you're gonna roll it out as thinly as
you want
and just pull it out like you make a
pizza make sure you don't pull it out
too much you don't want a hole and your
breath so something like this
okay so after 30 minutes of rising
you're gonna take a pan and preheat it
on medium-high you're gonna go ahead and
Pat the flattened dough with water and
place it on the pan if you don't have a
non-stick pan make sure you grease the
pan before putting the dough down you're
gonna cook each side about two to three
minutes on each side and then you'll
notice that there's gonna be bubbles
that comes up and then you'll know to
start flipping just as if you were
making pancake so if you can see there's
a bubble actually forming or starting to
form on the dough and it's going to be
about a minute to flip it over to the
other side
okay so I've went ahead and flipped on
both sides and then mmm so if you notice
there's a nicely brown charge on each
side of the gel and once you're done
with that you'll put it aside and I like
to brush it with melted butter you can
also use olive oil or you can just leave
it plain sometimes I like just leaving
it plain it's not necessary to actually
brush anything on these they're as good
as they are by themselves so so here we
go so thank you guys for watching this
video and I know I haven't put out a lot
of cooking video for a while and I hope
that I can get more out pretty soon so
thank you again till next time this is
dragon bye